check changes to index.md (#2)
LandiMi2/BHKi-Training-Activities: index.md

### BHKi Seminars: Bioinformatics, software engineering and Data Management

> The goal of this seminar series  is to create an opportunity to expose or introduce our community to open science, bioinformatics and software research. The event will enhance networking and collaboration among our diverse community and other communities. Our target audience is intermediately skilled researchers who are working on their projects and need guidance on how to go about their research, making use of bioinformatics, open science and software research skills. 

Reviewer: I would rather mention "our target audience is bioinformatic students and scientists to be enlightened on concepts of bioinformatics, and software research skills" @Fnyasimi make a comment

**Day 2 :**  Omics - Genomics, Proteomics, Transcriptomics and metabolomics groups 

> Participants will be grouped into four major omics topics covered in different rooms physically and breakout rooms virtually. These four topics are genomic, proteomics, Transcriptomics and metabolomics. These groups are based on participants' interests and projects. The goal is to introduce participants to these fields, train on major bioinformatics analyses, and presentation of results to different audiences. This will happen concurrently in the four groups. Three seminars will be offered this day, for example, in the genomics room/break out room: a talk on plant genomics, animal genomics and aquatic genomics will be presented to target a diverse audience, followed by an open dialogue on a topic such as the currents trends in geneomics. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Participants will be grouped into four major omics topics covered in different rooms physically and breakout rooms virtually. These four topics i.e genomic, proteomics, transcriptomics and metabolomics, overlap with participants' interests and projects. The goal is to introduce participants to these fields, train on major bioinformatics analyses, and presentation of results to different audiences in a parallel manner. Three seminars will be offered this day, for example, in the genomics room/breakout room: a talk on plant genomics, animal genomics and aquatic genomics will be presented to target a diverse audience, followed by an open dialogue on a topic such as the currents trends in genomics and its applications. 
```

Reviewer 2: Lots of 'and's in there though

**Day 3:** Research software 

> Research software engineering talks will be held to expose or to enlighten our community on this career path. This field is untapped in our community, with minimal exposure to research software skills and FAIR principles on software research. The ultimate goal is to create a space for start-up collaborations with established software research groups within our community. Also, the already existing software engineers within our community grow and expand their networks through these talks and open dialogues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Research software engineering talks will be held to expose or to enlighten our community on this career path. This field is rarely talked about in our community, with minimal exposure to research software skills and FAIR principles on software research. The ultimate goal is to create a space for collaborations with skilled research software individuals/groups within our community. This will lead to the growth of existing research software engineers within our community and expanding their networks through these kind of events.
```
